AboutTheTeam.md, before:

# About the team

## Hello! 

### Welcome to Group5-Software-3's group repository.

_Here you can find a little bit about what our favourite hobbies/interests are_ ✨

**Helen Vu**

Hobbies:

One of my favourite hobbies is Rollerskating (quad wheels!). I started nearly a year ago and I absolutely love it! It's suuuper challenging at first and it feels like a total violation of body mechanics. In fact, you realise pretty quickly that you'll be in a love-hate relationship with the floor. You fall over and hurt yourself all the time when learning new moves. But when it clicks, it CLICKS 💪 There's so much to learn and so many amazing people to meet in the skating community. I had no idea how big of a community there was in London, heck in the world! Sadly my skating has been put on hold as I pursue a career switch into tech, but I am counting down the days when I will be skating regularly again!

In normal times, you can often find me at the roller rink, in one of my skate classes, or even a skate party when there's one on  😄

Here's a little video of me on my wheels (I'm still scared of spins..):

https://github.com/hvuvuzella/Group5-Software3/assets/144286058/af8e78b9-cc0e-4b1c-9fe7-6223c2be6f02

**Kate Losyeva**

Hobbies:

During the last two years coding has been my hobby. Why hobby?
Because it doesn't bring income ...yet) and it brings fun and
joy ...still) But judging by what my friends say it's not for 
long when you start working. So I am enjoying this time now. 
Apart from this I like and miss all the winter
sports.

![My hobby](https://drive.google.com/uc?export=view&id=1r0IfTIE6IadGdaEnG4ohbkqXIoDaEkSd)

Commit message:

add about Erika, about gitignore

AboutTheTeam.md, after:

# About the team

## Hello!

### Welcome to Group5-Software-3's group repository.

_Here you can find a little bit about what our favourite hobbies/interests are_ ✨

**Helen Vu**

Hobbies:

One of my favourite hobbies is Rollerskating (quad wheels!). I started nearly a year ago and I absolutely love it! It's suuuper challenging at first and it feels like a total violation of body mechanics. In fact, you realise pretty quickly that you'll be in a love-hate relationship with the floor. You fall over and hurt yourself all the time when learning new moves. But when it clicks, it CLICKS 💪 There's so much to learn and so many amazing people to meet in the skating community. I had no idea how big of a community there was in London, heck in the world! Sadly my skating has been put on hold as I pursue a career switch into tech, but I am counting down the days when I will be skating regularly again!

In normal times, you can often find me at the roller rink, in one of my skate classes, or even a skate party when there's one on 😄

Here's a little video of me on my wheels (I'm still scared of spins..):

https://github.com/hvuvuzella/Group5-Software3/assets/144286058/af8e78b9-cc0e-4b1c-9fe7-6223c2be6f02

**Kate Losyeva**

Hobbies:

During the last two years coding has been my hobby. Why hobby?
Because it doesn't bring income ...yet) and it brings fun and
joy ...still) But judging by what my friends say it's not for
long when you start working. So I am enjoying this time now.
Apart from this I like and miss all the winter
sports.

![My hobby](https://drive.google.com/uc?export=view&id=1r0IfTIE6IadGdaEnG4ohbkqXIoDaEkSd)

**Erika Tatchyn**

Hobbies:

I used to have lots of hobbies in my life: crocheting, cross stichting, reading... Right now my favorite hobbies are traveling and playing board games with my children and friends. Our favorite game recently is Settlers Catan and Cluedo. And our favorite way to travel was biking to the Scottish islands.

![My hobby](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1Y17cuZUd4okPuT5B_lDvWycuoj1iFp9o/view?usp=drive_link)
